okay this is some one of the lights I've
used it's one of the little key ring
lights freely available on an auction
site this one is white quite slim very
very light extremely bright and takes 11
battery which supposedly lasts about 20
hours that have yet to see but this is
what views because I wife I fly quite a
lot at dusk and that's when it's nice
and calm and as it starts to get dusk as
you know it's very difficult to see the
orientation of the aircraft at times
since I've almost lost it a couple of
times so see how this aids me with
vision so see how the test goes now
right testing out the lights seeing what
it's like
as the plane gets further away from you
as it gets dusk it gets harder to see
obviously difficult know which way it's
facing and this is a trial and leave
little night
okay I get a long way away it's probably
too far for you to see now they are
getting hard to tell what wait spacing
and it's turning round and there you see
them well I can see the modern if you
can actually see them quite clear that
it's actually coming back to walls me
now I've sleeping a little bit further
away this time
okay and I can see the lights quite
clear
turning again
gain i can see them very clearly and
it's not really that dark yet
so from my point of view I think that's
a successful test
going a long way off turning now
and lights visible
I used green because for some reason
green LEDs show up much clearer than the
Raven of white and the Blues you can get
these in all colors of a verme should we
say a well-known auction site
it's the key ring light just taped onto
the wing very very lightweight doesn't
affect the weight of it at all or the
handling and very bright